docs: add user guide for the re-labeling feature (#408)
encord-team/encord-active: docs/docs/user-guide/relabeling.md

---
sidebar_position: 6
---

# Re-labeling

> **Learn how to send your data to labeling in Encord Annotate**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Learn how to send your data for labeling in Encord Annotate**
```

When examining your project data, you might come across labels that appear incorrect or are missing altogether.
With Encord Active, you have the ability to highlight such data and seamlessly transfer it to Encord Annotate, at the dedicated labeling stage for your project.
This empowers annotators to address any missing elements and enhance the overall quality of your labels, ensuring a more accurate and comprehensive data annotation process.

## Steps to send data to the labeling stage

0. **[Optional]** Use the [filter feature](../user-guide/filtering) from the toolbox in the _Data Quality_ or _Label Quality_ _Explorer_ section to choose the desired data. 
1. Access the Action tab from the toolbox in the _Data Quality_ or _Label Quality_ _Explorer_ section.
2. Click the _🖋 Re-label_ button.

> 3. Verify the number of tasks ready for submission to the labeling stage is correct and press the _Confirm_ button.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Verify the number of frames for submission to the labeling stage is correct and press the _Confirm_ button.  
```

4. **[Optional]** Navigate to the project in Encord Annotate and explore the task modifications in the _Summary_ tab.

![action-tab-in-toolbox](../images/user-guide/action-tab-in-toolbox.png)

> 

Reviewer: Would be nice with a short text and a screendump of what to expect in the Annotate platform after clicking the button.

Author: haha, yes, just waiting to build the confirmation button first 🦺 and add the image later
